

STARTING SKILLS
Inner Voice
Sense Danger
Sense Object
Awe Sense
Spontaneous Effect(occurence: very rare)

Backstory: 

Early on a player decision and resultant physical altercation can put them in jail, hospital, or
both. Maybe, the nobody is on the run from some sort of respectable trouble with a gang back in Los Angeles and he is coming to Texas to spend a few months and give everyone a
chance to cool down. 

***********

[1981]

The Journey

You spent the afternoon packing the car with the suitcases and boxes you had
spent the night before packing. You and your mom hit the freeway at sundown. 
The city lights disappeared behind you and only the long black ribbon and the
occasional 18 wheeler. 

The next morning was bright red sunlight and desert. 

"There's Phoenix."

Your mother didn't believe in taking very many breaks. There was a
non-descript rest stop made of concrete and wood; bathrooms and picnic tables.
There was the diner that sparkled of shiny steel and glittered with blue and 
orange formica. The honey bears made of translucent plastic wearing bright 
yellow plastic hats on each table. 

"There's Tuscon."

You ate sandwiches as you drove and she told you stories of how she had met 
your father before the war at a dance, what your grandfather was like, and 
how she remembered the city she grew up that she hadn't seen in over 13 years 
--just before she had moved with your grandmother to San Diego to join your 
father who was stationed there before being transferred to Okinawa, Japan and 
then Vietnam. The governer of Texas had given your grandmother on your father's
side an award for having the most children in one family serve in the military.
For a state like Texas this was a big deal. He ended up sending an assistant
of some sort. There was an award and picture and story you saw in a newspaper
clipping that was sent to your mother. 

The car overheated and there was the stop at the gas station to get the
radiator's hose and coolant replaced. 

"There's El Paso."

It was smaller there then you had imagined it to be. El Paso was famous. It was
mentioned in millions of movies and songs and here it was now, a sparse 
collection of dusty ramshackle buildings. A boot store. And then like the other
towns that you were unable to stop in. It was gone. 

"Here's San Antonio."

You spent the day in San Antonio with an Uncle that worked for some sort of 
business having to do with the Army. Your aunt and cousins took you to the 
River Walk and you visited the Alamo. It was much smaller then you thought it 
would be too. You were struck by how many soldiers were walking around, one of
your cousins made a joke about how you could always tell the soldiers by their
haircuts and the way walked in unison --even when they were out of uniform.

[#The first of the "Two Types of Texan Story"; friendly, helpful, kind]

You drove east and south towards the Gulf of Mexico. Your mom was going to
visit her brother in Galveston but first she was going to drop you off with 
your Uncle Joe somewhere in the middle of this featureless dead greyness for 
three months.

"This is going to be fun for you. Your Uncle Joe is really looking forward to 
spend some time with you. He says the two of you are going to have a lot of 
fun. You'll get to learn how to hunt."

This sounds like a fun idea to you, but your friends had made sure to impress
upon you how gruesome skinning animals was just before you had left. 
Appearantly, it was very important to not hit the 'shit sack' with your knife
when doing this or you would ruin all the meat of your kill.

Occasionally you would see a rabbit run across the road. There were deer
antlers over the entranceways of most buildings and rifle racks seemed to be
a requirement. 

[#the second of "The Two Types of Texan"; mean, suspicious, weird; in the grocery
store the man used the word 'wetback' for not getting out of the way quickly enough.
You found it odd she didn't stand up for herself here. Make an anger roll and check for
trauma effects.]

Your Uncle Joe is your grandmother's brother and he had been in the Marines 
just like your father. He had recently retired and moved back to Texas from 
Oceanside, California. 

At the end of a long driveway that leads away from the main highway is your Uncle
Joe's home. It is a small dwelling with a kitchen, living room, bathroom, bed
room, and guest room. 

Your Uncle Joe is standing in the front yard surrounded by various concrete
statues of mythical creatures and rusting vehicles and equipment. A triangle and
its striking rod hang off the veranda. Antlers over the entrance. A truck. A dog.

He is a short man of about 5 feet and six inches. He is built like a proverbial
fire plug and walks slightly bow-legged. He speaks with a long drawl and his eyes
are of a fiery hazel. He has a star shaped scar on his lower right jawline. The 
story of this scar was told to you by your mother sometime between El Paso and
San Antonio. 