The Power of Stewardship

NOTES


GENRE BEND: 1950s Military training manual - Headstart preschool book 

ADJECTIVES

Decay
Death
Bleak
Scattered
Broken
Barren
Viscious
Primordial
Hard
Slimey
Bloody

NOTES

They stop at the old man's house on the way to the ranch?

The Nobody is forced to kill a man here and this is his Achille's heel / Moses 
moment that the Scion (or someone else?) will use against him later on. 

Change the weather up: it's raining, it's blooming, it's baking, its windy, etc.

The reader is thrown off. They think its the antagonistic enemy, but after
the trip to the sanctuary and the _curandero_ they discover the neutral
neighbor is a magician that has summoned a demon that is spreading
mischief to the area in general and Uncle Joe and the Nobody in particular.

There are bits of foreshadowing about the Nobody's destiny during his 
interactions at:
	The Sanctuary
	With the Curandero
	With a town feral ("What are YOU doing here?!)
	And with the Demon/Monster.

Maybe, another house guest?

Uncle Joe is hurt or sick? 

phone calls from mother

that cinematic trick where you are looking at a place and are distracted by the scary sound
--look...and it's just that silly cat that's been running around here...then back at the original 
view and the Monster is just there...like a Monster.

April 30, 2019

Use of the word "anglo" and mention of Operation:Wetback

May 4, 2019

This module also sees the Nobody learn the basics of Stargazing and Astronomy.

May 8, 2019

Local Saint is being attacked (the Shrine is); Wealthy Landowner owns the waste management 
company. In a way this is foreshadowing for what is going to happen to the Nobody. The out
law from near past was Local Saint's nemesis and an ancestor of Wealthy Landowner.

May 11, 2019

The MONSTER is the ghost/spirit of the spurned lover (the silver conchitas saddle) that was
spurned [#NOTE backstory?] by the Texas Ranger ancestor of the Nobody. This should all be 
the HIDDEN BACKSTORY that is never revealed to the player.
