MAGIC, TOOLS, & ARTIFACTS, AND GOD-FORMS

MAGIC

There are different traditions of magic. Some of these are: 

1)Western Occultism (Chrisitian, Jewish, Islamic, Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Middle Ages to
current day Europe, Satanists, Enochians, Golden Dawn, A.:.A.:.,B.O.A., Roscrucians, etc. etc. & etc.)
2)Eastern Vajryana, Mikko, Tantric (Taoist, Buddhist, Japanese, Hinduism)
3) Pagan and Folk Traditions (Northern European, Southern European, Native Americans, Voodoo, African, Mongolian, Island cultures)
4) Post-Modern Chaos Magic (IOT)
5) New Age
6) Digital Shamanism (an example of this would be INTERNET DIVINATION: A roll determines
the quality of the divination or advise and would be used in conjunction with the player's 
AWARENESS and WISDOM attributes in a manner similar to the interaction schemes of 
real world (in-game) objects.

Subclasses of magic
geomancy
necromancy
hex (all sorts)
sickness
divination
energy manipulation
protection / shielding (personal, area), banishment, purification, balancing, etc
demonology, angelogy
invocation
evocation
summoning
identification

major vs minor for cost and effect
quick, short-term, long-term, sustained, etc for duration


When using magic after a certain point you'll be getting points that send you 
up or down the MANIA/DEPRESSION scale. 
[#NOTE Or maybe the scale runs from MANIA to DEPRESSED with the benefit
of the Mania end of the scale being increased magic or psi with it's drawback 
being a hit to reputations or charisma. For DEPRESSION the benefit is aid 
from ALLIES.]

After every succesful MAJOR or LONG-TERM magical working a dice is rolled 
to determine the length of a depressive period. 


Magical Tools and Artifacts

TOOLS

Both artifacts and tools can be IN POSSESSION, and/or ON PERSON and/or EQUIPPED.

There are four types of MAGICAL TOOL

1) The blade
2) The pentacle
3) The wand
4) The cup - A tool of divination used to tell the future and self-exploration. 

Sometimes an object is used to "do" what the technician desires in other cases these
objects are unneccesary and the technician's will can be exerted via the field and nothing
else is required.

ARTIFACTS

If both challenge rolls are succesful then in addition to understanding the 
object's significance and status (attacking or advantageous) they will also
be able to discern if the found object is suitable for use as a magical artifact.

WORKING CONVENTIONS LIST

The notions of SPIRIT, GNOSIS, and VOLUNTARY SCHIZOPHRENIA.

I don't believe that it's neccesary to lack obsession for magical operations. As a matter
of fact, whatever the media the feedback mechanism for the technician is
emotional/visceral.

I don't believe it's possible to overlay different occult systems (as Western Occultism
does) PERFECTLY. I feel that there is great value in contorting one's thought processes
in the attempt though --something something serendipity.

Magic is a language that cannot be translated linguistically it can only be hinted at
symbolically and it's meaning teased out pre-verbally.

Magic is only, and just, a skill-set.

Custom spells work better than generic or stale spells. (#maybe)

After the initial expense and effort for a ritual or working it is yours forever. It is 
not a possesion or object it is an experience that is integrated and when it is recalled 
(or arises spontaneously) it is as much yours and you as it ever could be and was. 

Sometimes an object is used to "do" what the technician desires in other cases these
objects are unneccesary and the technician's will can be exerted via the field with nothing
else being required.

Gods, Archetypes, Servitors

WHAT IS A GODFORM? 

A GodForm is a catch-all term for any sort of supernatural entity; angels, demons, 
servitors, angels, archangels, devas, ghosts, etc. 

There is a field that overlays ours. This field is malleable via consciousness (collective and 
individual) It can influence our world as these created and collectively invented beings.

Archangel Michael is a created being, Thor is a created being, Yaweh is a created being. The 
power and strength of a created being finds it's root in the Field, but it's form and function 
are determined by the collective, ancestral, and consensus imagination of a group. There are
no significant functional or structural differences between a demon, angel, or god. A technician
is capable of creating their own godforms (tulpas, servitors, golems, etc) based on comic
book characters, cartoon animals, and mass-produced action figures. 

Do they have a seperate existence? For an individual or even for a large group individuals 
connected in purpose or by geographic location, yes. A god-form's existence can 
be preserved in an ARTIFACT or record and can be "brought back" to life or existence. 
Also, sponteanous god-forms that are the result of the collective consiousness' 
machinations can intrude or announce their presence via a prophet or shaman. 

INVOKING (VOLUNTARY POSSESION)

Demons and other GodForms don't materialize into summoning circles. You leave them a 
voice-mail and they respond at their leisure --sometimes weeks later and they usually do it
with a lead pipe tucked underneath their overcoat while your back is turned. Stay aware and
frosty for as happy one is to actually hurt you they are just as content with scaring, saddening,
or demoralizing you. 

Intimidation works with the one's ready to aid you (in this instance aid is warped in a manner
fraught with danger and deadly detours). This tactic will backfire with others. Fuck 'em they 
broke good faith before you laid eyes on them and you'll need to be sending them back. 

And, of course, as always, some are just pretending to be a demon. Especially if those that
pretend know of one's work with them and other GodForms --the files are easily located
on-line.

EVOKING 
Calling down an abstracted GOD-FIELD

SUMMONING
Similar to EVOKING, but instead of calling down a GOD-FIELD it's where you call the GOD-FORM
to appear in an AVATAR --as a person.


ASSUMPTION (ACTING AS THOUGH)

AUTO-SYMBOLISM (ADOPTION OF A MAGICAL SYMBOL)
Signifier and meaning. 

With every act of auto-symbolism, assumption, or work with a godform power is gained, 
but new responsiblities must be met and new attack vectors are opened up for the opposition.

synchronization with larger patterns in time: stellar events (fireballs, eclipses, comets), planetary alignments, astrological events, seasons, space weather, hour of the day (planetary hours), equinoxes, solstices, etc.

Divination via omens and augeries.


GODS

Communication via astral travel in dreamland.
