OBJECTS, EVENTS, AND TABLEUXS, ENCOUNTERS

Collectively this is called REALITY:

MUNDANE  is when an object, event, or tableux is meaningless or has a straight forward
significance --void of additional meaning or power.

IRREALITY is when an object, event, or tableux is staged or misinterpreted by a technician.

SUPERMUNDANE is when an object, event, or tableux is authentically
supernatural in it's origin or action.


These are the other forms of communication and attack. They are 
self-explanatory for the most part. In the list that follows this section 
I'll be going into specific methods. 

These tactics are used in a sustained effort to defeat or aid the 
Nobody.  Temporary variations are used to shape the opinions and
actions of the Nobody's support network to deprive him of or bring
him aid. 

OBJECTS, EVENTS, and TABLEUXS, ENCOUNTERS have a SIGNIFICANCE
 that is either to be noticed or discovered by the player and moves
the story or the character's development forward.

OBJECTS, EVENTS, and TABLEUXS, ENCOUNTERS also have an EFFECT
that has an influence on the character's abilitys, ratings, skills, etc. 

The player does not have to succesfully roll to become of aware of it's
significance or meaning. The player might be able to puzzle it out on their
own, but a succesful roll means that they are certain in their interpretation. 

All are assigned a 

	STEALTH rating and the Nobody must roll AWARENESS vs this rating to 
	become aware of it and find it ,or fail to notice it and/or be attacked at
	advantage. 

	CONTRAST rating. This is a 'noisy' or 'loud' attack that is meant to draw
	attention from a distance giving it an Area of Effect or Range type. This 
	comes with it's own disadvantages. The most extreme version of this is
	the "Go for Broke" attack, this gives extra strength to the attacker at a 
	loss of reputation or the possibility of attracting unwanted attention 
	and increased energy needs and expenditure.

	CLASSIFICATION is either mundane, super-mundane, and / or real, irreal
	& physical, psychological, magical, or psychic.

	TYPE is determined by the character attribute it targets. 

	SPECIALS are any sort of case-by-case considerations that are special or 
	unique about the object, event, or tableux.

	LEVEL of power, skill, or energy behind the object, event, or tableux.  
	Rating of advantage and damage are given for both advantageous and
	attacking object, events, or tableuxs.

	SIGNIFICANCE DIFFICULTY rating the Nobody must roll IMAGINATION vs
	this rating and then DISCRIMINATION/WISDOM to become automatically
	(and safely in the case of a hostile Event, Object, or Tableux) aware of its
	SIGNIFICANCE AND MEANING. Significance and meaning are clues or
	messages. In the case of an advantageous object they are helpful clues,
	encouragement, or support. In the case of attacking objects they are
	attacks with their associated damage determined by their type. 
	
IF the IMAGINATION vs is successful, but DISCRIMINATION fails:

	ADVANTAGEOUS OBJECT meaning is discerened but no advantage is gained
	ATTACKING OBJECT meaning is discerned and damage is multiplied by an 
	extra die.

	The character misinterprets that the object is advantageous when it is actually
	attacking or that is is attacking when it is actually advantageous. 

IF IMAGINATION vs fails, but DISCRIMINATION is succesful:

	ADVANTAGEOUS OBJECT meaning is NOT discerned BUT advantage gained 
	ATTACKING OBJECT meaning is NOT discerned and no damage is taken

IF both challenge rolls fail then in the case of a hostile object the meaning is 
misinterpreted, and damage is taken, in both the case of hostile or advantegous
object, event, or tableux. This means that the character will be damaged no 
matter what and will think it's a helpful object if it is harmful and a harmful
object if it is helpful. 

If both challenge rolls are succesful then in addition to understanding the 
object's significance and status (attacking or advantageous) they will also
be able to discern if the found object is suitable for use as a magical artifact.

[# there is the possibility here of using a 'blended roll' that is a combined roll
that allows the player to distribute points how they see fit for a final challenge
score]

Found Items (organiclly supernatural, set-pieces)

	Tactic: entertainment - establish a pattern than change the 
	context. 

	Eg. Find gifts on public street then find one in a locker room. 
	Boom. You're a thief because you assumed it was a gift from the Others.
	
	Eg. Smoking pot is fine. Helping people is fine. But, how about 
	helping a hot minor with down syndrome home cause she is confused 
	when you pass her at a bus stop on your way home. On the walk she 
	lights a joint and offers you some. She said she was 19. Here come 
	the cops. "What do you mean you were smoking pot with a minor that's 
	mentally incapacitated and high? Just walking her home, huh? You're 
	just a nice guy, huh?"

Found items have an expiration date. That is their meaning or power might
change depending on how long they've been laying out exposed to the
elements or if the original meaning of the refrenced has changed for the
player. 

Laid items have a chance of being picked up by an NPC.

t-shirt oracle


	JUMBLE: Combining elements from several areas or time periods of a
	target's life creating a scrambled narrative

When an object is used in an event, tableux, or encounter by a character it is 
either a prop or a magical tool. An object is not an object for the purposes of 
this game if it used for it's strictly legitimate, mundane, and original purposes.

Events 
An event is a collection of objects and characters involved in an action or series 
of actions that does not seek to involve the player character. It is meant to 
present a message or introduce a mood or otherwise manipulate and/or affect
a player character. 

Ambience
	Subliminal. An effect of a conglomeration of inputs; a nearby conversation,
	a piece of graffiti, music coming from a nearby speaker, the facial expressions
	of passing strangers, etc. A train of people, events, or things that are spread
	out over time and distance or concentrated at a place the Player stops at or
	frequents. 
	
Pretend Conversations (to one another, over the phone, to self)
	REFLECTION: I can't remember the original Chinese text, but it's something 
	like  "Discuss the bush while pointing at the tree."

Tableuxs
A tableux is a collection of objects or combination of objects and character
that does not seek to involve the player character. It is meant to present a 
message or introduce a mood or otherwise manipulate and/or affect a player
character. . It is either an attack or a support. 

Tableuxs are different from events in that they are static and present a set-piece. 

The surreality of this situation adds to its ability to awe or terrify and it's 
appropriate ratings are modified. 


	CAPTIVE AUDIENCE: Events rather then encounters. Think live-theater without
	interactivity, but an unmistakable feeling of the personalizing/tailoring of 
	the message to a single recipient. Staged coincidences,  magical glamour or 
	socially engineering an individual target. 

	FAKE NEWS: Staged events to influence public opinion. 

Encounters
An encounter can be a single person or small group of people anchored to a
location and triggered by an approach on the part of the player character. 

An approach can be eye-contact, verbal, or body language. 

In most cases a non-player character relies on a "dangle" to provoke an 
encounter. A dangle can be smoking a cigarette (if the player is a smoker),
walking as though confused and lost (if the player is a naive or helpful
type), or walking in small circles in the view of the player character (yes,
really),

Dangles rely on a resistance roll.

In rare cases a non-player character can force an encounter via a 'hook'. A 
hooking action occurs when the NPC catcalls, follows, non-verbally
communicates, cajoles, threatens, etc. The hook must be made on an adjacent
squ are or at range by a special attack. Only certain character typesare able to 
utilize a hook; ferals, sirens, and some common types. Or  maybe, an occasional
roll for random variety and unpredictability)

Hooks rely on a defensive roll or countering action. 


Ultimately, Objects, events, Tableuxs, & Encounters turn into larger constellations of 
meaning that produce maxims which are moments of insight and clear understanding.
Each of these INSIGHT MOMENTS allow the player to climb their respective ladder
to their respective version of ENLIGHTMENT and opening new abilities and attribute
ratings. 