OBJECTS, EVENTS, AND TABLEUXS

	These are the other forms of communication and attack. They are self-explanatory for the most part. In the list that follows this section 
I'll be going into specific methods. 

	These tactics are used in a sustained effort to defeat or aid the Nobody. Temporary variations are used to shape the opinions and
actions of the Nobody's support netowork to deprive him of or bring him aid. 

OBJECTS, EVENTS, and TABLEUXS
have a significance that is either to be noticed or discovered by the player. 

The player does not have to succesfully roll to become of aware of it's significance or meaning. The player might be able to puzzle it out on their own, but a succesful roll means that they are certain in their interpretation. 

All are assigned a 

	STEALTH rating and the Nobody must roll AWARENESS vs this rating to become aware of it and find it ,or fail to notice it and/or be attacked at advantage. 

	CLASSIFICATION is either mundane, super-mundane, and / or real, irreal, & physical, psychological, magical, or psychic.

	TYPE is determined by the character attribute it targets. 

	SPECIALS are any sort of case-by-case considerations that are special or unique about the object, event, or tableux.

	LEVEL of power, skill, or energy behind the object, event, or tableux.  Rating of advantage and damage are given for both advantageous and attacking object, events, or tableuxs.

	SIGNIFICANCE DIFFICULTY rating the Nobody must roll IMAGINATION vs this rating and then DISCRIMINATION/WISDOM to become automatically (and safely in the case of a hostile Event, Object, 		or Tableux) aware of its SIGNIFICANCE AND MEANING. Significance and meaning are clues or messages. In the case of an advantageous object they are helpful clues, encouragement, or support.
	In the case of attacking objects they are attacks with their associated damage determined by their type. 
	
IF the IMAGINATION vs is successful, but DISCRIMINATION fails:

	ADVANTAGEOUS OBJECT meaning is discerened but no advantage is gained
	ATTACKING OBJECT meaning is discerned and damage is multiplied by an extra die

IF IMAGINATION vs fails, but DISCRIMINATION is succesful:

	ADVANTAGEOUS OBJECT meaning is NOT discerned BUT advantage gained 
	ATTACKING OBJECT meaning is NOT discerned and no damage is taken

IF both challenge rolls fail then in the case of a hostile object the meaning is misinterpreted, and damage is taken, in both the case of hostile or advantegous object, event, or tableux.

Ambience
	Subliminal. An effect of a conglomeration of inputs; a nearby conversation, a piece of graffiti, music coming from a nearby speaker, the facial expressions of passing strangers, etc. A train of people, events, or things that are spread out over time and distance or concentrated at a place the Player stops at or frequents. 
	
Pretend Conversations (to one another, over the phone, to self)
	REFLECTION: I can't remember the original Chinese text, but it's something like 
	"Discuss the bush while pointing at the tree."

t-shirt oracle


	JUMBLE: Combining elements from several areas or time periods of a target's life
	creating a scrambled narrative

Tableuxs

	CAPTIVE AUDIENCE: Events rather then encounters. Think live-theater without
	interactivity, but an unmistakable feeling of the personalizing/tailoring of 
	the message to a single recipient. Staged coincidences,  magical glamour or 
	socially engineering an individual target. 

	FAKE NEWS: Staged events to influence public opinion. 

Found Items (organiclly supernatural, set-pieces)

	Tactic: entertainment - establish a pattern than change the 
	context. 

	Eg. Find gifts on public street then find one in a locker room. 
	Boom. You're a thief because you assumed it was a gift from the Others.
	
	Eg. Smoking pot is fine. Helping people is fine. But, how about 
	helping a hot minor with down syndrome home cause she is confused 
	when you pass her at a bus stop on your way home. On the walk she 
	lights a joint and offers you some. She said she was 19. Here come 
	the cops. "What do you mean you were smoking pot with a minor that's 
	mentally incapacitated and high? Just walking her home, huh? You're 
	just a nice guy, huh?"