TACTICS

All attacks are of a shadow or stealth nature. As has been stated elsewhere
physical violence of any sort is severely penalized both in-game by 
the rules observed by various factions and Non-player characters, and by 
the game's mechanics. That is not to say that this game and story are
not extremely brutal, violent, and lethal. The damage is slow and long-term.

the thing is some events and information are signficant, but some are
meaningless or intentionally misleading --adding to the madness. This is
called MUTATING MOTIVATIONS and, coupled with UBIQUITY and seeming
OMNISCIENCE are the three pillars of all Scion and Aristoi operations against
the Nobody. 

Mutating motivations means that the Nobody can never be sure what the truth
is and he has nothing and noone that he can rely on absolutely.  

"Bullets are fast. Magic is slow."

All attacks are of three major varieties: 

	1) Psychological
	2) Magical
	3) Psychic

There are 4) Physical Attacks (vandalism, theft, assault, etc.) but these are
majorily discouraged via game mechanics that penalize the player to roll at
a severe disadvantage as well as NPCs (and other in game consequences) that 
actively seek out and punish such behavior. 

All attacks are based upon, at least, three things. 

	The 3 Ps
	1) Patterns of Life
	2) Past
	3) Private Thoughts

	As the generally free society of the early game's modules morphs
into the security, then surveillance, police, and finally fascism 
lite & Total Fascism the tools, reach, and capabilities of the Scion 
proportionally increase. 

	As media culture increases so do attack vectors (television, 
cable, independent, traditional and new media, Internet, mobile, 
Internet of Things, robots, AI).

	Both of the two previous paragraphs forget to include secret 
advances in Psi and Magic.


REALITY, IRREALITY, MUNDANE, & SUPRAMUNDANE

Ontologically, the world of The Nobody & Scion can be divided into 4 areas.

	REALITY 

This is the everyday world. The world of consensus reality or human-centric
reality. This is the realm of the pragmatic realist; bills are paid, food is
eaten, the clothes you wear and the manner in which you cut your hair 
matter. 


	IRREALITY

This is the realm of psychedelic intensity. This the area of the eerie. Here
time dialates, magic is real, and nothing can be taken for granted. Words 
are of little use, confusion overtakes the uninitiated. Any attempts to 
describe it are of little use. It is like walking or exsisting inside of a 
dream. 

The player must take care for forces outside of themselves can spoof
SUPRAMUNDANE (authentic) irreality and attempt to force their own messages
or motives onto reality creating a MUNDANE IRREALITY.  Discrimination/
Wisdom must be developed to prepare and protect oneself against this. 

Care must also be taken to remember that reality still exists and with all 
of its social norms, cultural customs, and institutional structure and laws
in place. 

This is where magic, psychic abilities, and psychological operations and 
their effects.

	MUNDANE 

The MUNDANE are the worldy or normal abilities available to humanity. The 
mundane runs the scale from nose blowing all the way up to stage-magic and 
million dollar practical effects staged for camera crews and innocent 
bystanders. 

This is where psychology works.

	SUPRAMUNDANE

The SUPRAMUNDANE is outside of the worldly experience or normal abilities of
most humans. This is not special effects, optical illusions, mass hysteria,
or delusion. 

This is where magic and psychic abilities are operant.

TWILIGHT LANGUAGE

	"Language is a virus from Outer Space." --William S. Burroughs

	This is a big one. This is an entirely new way of communicating and 
passing information. It is a way of encrypting information so that a thing 
can be spoken about without being spoken about. It is beyond mere allusion 
and hinting (although it includes these things for sure) and it requires an
person using it to learn its ways. 

Via the use of Twilight Language not only is information passed on in a way
that is undetectable by any outsider it can also be used to carry out
various attacks. 

Twilight language in conjunction with props or magical tools are the
psychological and magical versions of slow motion, close quarters
combat.

Ferals use grunts and single key words of Twilight Language to great effect, 
demons will use lies, flattery, and confusion, with vampires being able to 
weave elaborate edifices of semantic meaning and turns of semiotic
phraseology to weave elaborate, powerful, and time-explotative applications
of twilight language. 

# MORE ON THIS TO FOLLOW

SPECIAL ATTACKS

The "All Out" attack allows for a player to burn hit points (or other crucial points) to overload
an attack by a #TBD multiplier. Perhaps, this can be a sort of gamble for the player with a 
critical success works at no cost and a critical fail deals all damage upon the casting player. 


PSYCHOLOGICAL ATTACK TYPES

reflection attacks (funhouse mirror, mimic, reflect, impersonate_to_alienate_support, jumble/scramble)
ALSO magical reflection attacks these are used to turn back energy or efforts against the attacker

wish fufilment (fantasy fulfilment)

cutting the corners (slowly isolating target from support)

slowly depleting resources (taking, stealing, asking, ripping off)
	dismissive; promises/ lies --while at the same time walking away
	[aka 'empty calories'] - 	the promise is always there but no delivery
								the possibility without the promise
								when the failure occurs there is no apology or regret
	also, rude, crass boorish

CHARM 
CONFUSE
INTIMIDATE / SCARE
SHAME / DEPRESS

HUMOR AS A PSYCHOLOGICAL ATTACK


PSI ATTACK TYPES

Telepath
Precogs
remote viewers
inertials
probability fuzzers
telekinetics
necropaths

MIND CONTROL (controlling behavior; including sleep and paralysis) - SOFT AND HARD
STATE CONTROL (controlling emotions)

MAGICAL ATTACK TYPES

reflection attacks these are used to turn back energy or efforts against the attacker

wish fufilment - granting wishes

NATURAL DISASTERS (earthquakes, volcanos, meteor and meteorites, solar flares, tsunamis, avalanches, etc.)
MAN-MADE DISASTERS (energy, transportation, communication)
LUCID DREAMING (shape reality via the dream scape)





