Possible story and plot points
from notes sometime in the middle of Oct 2018
this file created Dec 7, 2018

Might there be a girl (a la "Fountainhead") running between 
the Nobody and the Scion? 

The referee the fairy godmother archetype? 

There are visits/encounters with archetypes; cantebury tales, alice
in wonderland, gullivers travels, tarot

12/19/2018

Incorporate chose your own adventure into literature.

And pop-up book?

Illustrations


Jan 24, 2019

I need to determine what is for later and when it should be revealed and 
to who and how.

Jan 26, 2019

At some point, unbeknownst to the players, they will see future versions 
of themselves that they will play in a later time-travel/astral travel scenario.

Jan 27, 2019

Incldue a 'choose your own adventure' story for either the nobody or scion

Does the Scion lay out a plans ala Civ. (turn based) and then the nobody's 
module play out against that? At least until they meet personally? Does this
mean that the module creation (ar at least monster distribution and the laying
of plans) is a collaborative process with the GM? 
 
Jakata Stories about the Nobody. (short stories about his previous lives and 
the lessons learned therein)

Feb 4, 2019

Maybe, add an "Out to Sea" module.

Mar 30, 2019

Early on a player decision and resultant physical altercation can put them in jail, hospital, or
both. 

Each PC has a training mission in a dream world as a child they dream of themselves as the 
adults they each will become. 

April, 20, 2019

Skills are gained through one shots of missions seperate from the modules.

Integrate the seven laws of alchemy? (equivalency, mentalism, etc.)


April 23, 2019

Mostly there's a significant other until the stretch of story time that there isn't for both
character progress and artistry.

April 25, 2019

Every mechanic must be rationalized.

April 27, 2019

I don't believe that it's neccesary to lack obsession for magical operations. As a matter
of fact, whatever the media the feedback mechanism for the technician is
emotional/visceral.

I don't believe it's possible to overlay different occult systems (as Western Occultism
does) PERFECTLY. I feel that there is great value in contorting one's thought processes
in the attempt though --something something serendipity.

Magic is a language that cannot be translated linguistically it can only be hinted at
symbolically and it's meaning teased out pre-verbally.

Magic is only, and just, a skill-set.

April 28, 2019

Why use the term 'demon' if you aren't exclusively working with Christian or Western 
Occultic systems? 
A: Cuz its flashy and it really grabs 'em by the eyeballzzzzzzz.

re: the operations of the aristoi et.al.
Sometimes the tendrils have their own independent brains and are unaware of one another. 
This means that, on occasion, the Scion will defend the Nobody or the Nobody will temporarily
ally with an Aristoi tendril. Remember: they have factions made up of individuals. 