STARTING ENVIRONMENT DESCRIPTION
(To be read by Game Master to Player)

NEARBY TOWN

The nearest town [#name - something with 'ville' or 'burg' in it] is a small collection
of buildings a 30 minute drive away. 

	In the town there is a Catholic church with it's Priest. 
	There is a small cluster of wandering ferals controlled by demon field / monster
	hiding as town drunks.

UNCLE JOES PROPERTY AND NEARBY

Uncle Joe's property is bordered by four other properties: 
1) A good neighbor and friend. [#lesson here]
2) An antagonistic neighbor. 
3) A neutral isolationist character [the curandera?]
4) An aloof and wealthy owner of a gigantic ranch (vampire) [#lesson here]

CURANDERO SHRINE 

Describe the 'In-Between' for the first time here. 

The nearby Curandero lives in the In-Between caring for a shrine to a venerated local
saint. Not an official saint sanctioned by the church, but a local hero that is non-officially
(and enthusiastically) tolerated by the parish priest.

There is a garbage dump that has recently began nearby ("over there on the other side of 
that fence, beyond that gate"). Garbage is trucked in from the big cities.

The Nobody gets the first of his magical tools here. 
	A defensive ward. 
	A diviniation method or device.

There is a cinematic psychopomp effect here; a grand confluence of them. 

WILDERNESS

It is late Feb and still cold although warming. The weather is a crisp 40 - 50 F daytime
and 25 - 35 in the evening. The bright sky matches the icy ground and it's overcast grey 
amplifies a sense of vast emptiness. Even though it is noontime you can see your own
breath condense with every exhale.

There is the sound of crows and wind through dead rushes and impenetrable thicket.

The great hurricane and flood of recent history destroyed the last houses in 19[XX].

Uncle Joe's residence lies to one edge of his [?] acre property. Your mother honks at 
the gate at the end of the road that passed at least two other properties with their
residences. Uncle Joe comes running out a little bit older and a little bit slower then
you remember him during his visit to California about 7 years ago. 

1: The Deer Blind 

Between the wasteland and a stream is a maze of dead mesquite trees and bushes. 

Deep inside this maze is a small clearing overlooked by a hunter's blind that has been built in a 
tree. It is more treehouse then blind and less treehouse then doghouse. It does not keep out 
the wind and it isn't comfortable. In the middle of the clearing directly below is a collection 
of uncovered, blue and white striped pillows. The pillows are formed inside a ring of gathered 
logs and branches and invite passing deer to take a nap after their visit to the water. The
pillows have many bullet holes in them and are stained with varying shades of dried blood.
Like everywhere else in the backcountry of Texas there are spent brass casings all over the
ground.

EXTERIOR UNCLE JOE'S RESIDENCE

1: Driveway

Two high gates that swing inward with the symbol of Uncle Joe's property over it. 
There are 3 flags fluttering from a 30' flagpole; United States, Texas, and 
the USMC.

The driveway terminates with the residence to one side and a large garage /
workshop at its end. 

2: Garage / Workshop

Large, rolling doors cover this garage and workshop. In here are tools for wood
working, automotive repair, metal working, etc. 

After greeting you he helps carry the luggage that will support you for the next 2
months. 

INTERIOR UNCLE JOE'S RESIDENCE

1) Veranda

A large veranda up off the ground and even with the floor level of the house. It is 
enclosed with thin glass and wind screens and furnished with a sofa, some chairs, 
and a long coffee table. It is "mostly used for sleeping in during hot summer 
nights". 

2) Foyer

A small foyer to keep out the cold and wet and keep in the heat and dry. This 
residence has no air conditioning. A place for pendeltons, denim jackets, cowboy
hats and baseball caps. There is an upside down horseshoe over the door --"To
make sure the good luck doesn't spill out!"

3) Living Room

Seperated from the nearby Dining Room by a low half wall that has various models
of USMC aircraft ("Those are some of the aircraft I worked on when I was in the 
service.") hanging by fishing line over it. There is a sofa, lazy boy, large cabinet 
television and another cabinet record player / radio, a telephone on a table, a 
coffee table, in the corner a mini bar. Various paintings, crucifixes, and Tex-Mex
folk art. An electric heater, more deer antlers, and a well stocked rifle rack. 

4) A Hallway

Photographs on the walls of this hallway along with storage cabinets along one wall
and more art, memoribilia and curios on top of them for decoration. 

5) The Guest Bedroom

Nothing more then a bed with two pillows, a couple of blankets, and an empty
closet. "I cleaned this out so you'd have plenty of room."

6) Bedroom

This is Joe's bedroom. A bed, a chest of drawers, a sea trunk, a Navajo blanket
on a wall, there is a bit of a crowded feeling in this room and you realize it's 
because he's moved some things in here to clear out the guest bedroom. A 
closet with a hasp lock on it (Joe keeps the key on a necklace he never
removes).

7) Bathroom