CHARACTERS AND DESCRIPTIONS

KNOWN ALLIES

Mother - 


Uncle Joe - 

"I'm not trying to be rude here. I can only share with you what is in my heart."

"A Good Deed is its Own Reward."

"Love your neighbor. Serve a Higher Purpose. Live and let 
live and God help you if you don't let live."

"How you let people treat you shows others what they can get
away with."

"Always carry a handkerchief"

"Coffee, Bacon, Toast, and Eggs Sunny-Side Up"

Coffee or beer. 

Pearl Beer, Lonestar Beer

What-A-Burger

Big Red

BBQ

Be Modest.

His wife died last year of alcoholic liver cirrhosis. she over enjoyed Vodka and 7 UP. 

Hunting, Stargazing, Church...

Friendly Neighbor -

Parish Priest - This is a Catholic priest that isn't from Texas, but is instead from (TBD country
(Irish? French?))

Local Veteranarian
A friend and peer for the Nobody? (assistant to Vet?)

Town Shopkeep

Gas Station / Supplies Store Owner

UKNOWN STATUS	
Curandera (magician)
"If I say,'When you call up your confidence very strongly and focus your complete being upon a 
task you have a greater chance of succeeding.' You will accept this because your thoughts and
your body are under your direct control, right? If I tell you that you are also in control of the
environment beyond your senses and physical reach you disagree because these things are not
under your influence, right?"

Wealthy Neighbor (psyschic vampire)
Sheriff (and a deputy?)

Neutral Neighbors 
They will not smile or wave back. They prefer to keep to themselves and their own ways. 

Uncle Joe: "They say its in the cities that a man will harden against his fellow man, and that's true, but it isn't because of city life and it don't neccesarily come from living packed too close to each other either. At least, that's what I've noticed."

ANTAGONISTS

Antagonisitic neighbor and family members
They 

Town Drunks (low level Feral)

The Monster (demon_localized_single) - The dog screams and runs away whimpering as though
it has been kicked. [#inspired by La Llorona]; During an encounter the horses panic; maybe, the
Monster is the ghost or residual energy signature of a 1930's outlaw. -- THE STORY OF THE CURSED CONCHOS
